Please decide how to communicate (team members can edit this file.)

Some Suggestions:

Twitter: Setup a twitter account that any team member can post to.  This allows everyone to communicate at their leisure and provide a full history of what has been said.

IM/Hangouts/IRC: Share everyone's hangout/IM/IRC account so people can communicate in real time.

email: share everyone's email account to send message back and forth.

You may setup physical meetings, but keep in mind that the online user(s) will need to have a virtual presence!

Team choice (edit below this line):

This is Stephen Gallo. We need to get going on this. My email is greenmonster8914@gmail.com, my bucmail is SAGALLO@csustudent.net and my cell is 8436973939. Also, I just set up a twitter account for this. The account name is javatextbasedadv (username javatextbaseadv) and the password is java325.

Hi this is Michael Belding. Email is michael_belding@yahoo.com and my cell is 8034207096. Lets figure out everybody part.

This is Lindsey Hatcher. My cell number is 8432712253 and my email is coke987123@gmail.com.

The twitter account is up and running. I just made a test tweet. I agree with Michael. We do need to figure out who will be doing which part. We also need to decide what the adventure will be about (what the player's character will be and what that character will be doing.
Hey this is Michael, I posted on the twitter account regarding the code. We all need to be more vocal on whats going on.
Hi everyone, this is Donnie Russell, my cell number is 864 417 8464, and my email is donovanerussell@outlook.com.

I am going to currently work on the requirements document and push it to github. If anyone has any ideas of what they would want to add to it, please let me know.

I already posted this on Twitter, but I'm working on a basic scenario for the game. (Basically a word doc with an idea we can use) I will upload once I'm done and we can discuss whether or not to use it or something else.

Heya, this is Richard Nathan Jackson. Can just call me Nathan. My email is thylus@live.com and my phone number is 8437080695. Texting would be the fastest way to get ahold of me! I may be an online student but I prefer group meetings IRL whenever possible! Anytime after 9:00 AM -12:00PM, then after 1:20PM - 6:00PM on MTThF. Free all day on Sat after 9:00!

Most of my basic scenario is done. Besides, I thought it would be easier to program the game with a story for it done. That way, most of the output statements can be copied and pasted directly from the story (should we decide to use it).

Hello, this is Rea'l Bloomfield. My e-mail is realbloomfie@aol.com. My number is 843-860-5290. Texting is better than calling. I'm free after about 3 pm  every day except Monday.

Hey this is Michael, I posted on the twitter account regarding the code. We all need to be more vocal on whats going on.

I agree, and admit I've been slack on this. I have finished the basic scenario. It was more of a headache than I anticipated it would be. Every decision is properly lableled though, and I will upload once it's copied to Github.

Just uploaded the scenario. If anyone has anything to add to it or sees any problems, feel free to update it.

Hello, this is Donnie. I will admit that this has been a bit more challenging than I thought it would be. If there is anything I can do to help, please get into contact with me.

This is Stephen. Anyone think we need to get together to discuss this thing?

This is Stephen again. Texting is an easier way to get in touch with me than calling.

Hi this is Michael. Where we at with the the code? I can do the next part.

Hello everyone, this is Donnie. Me and Rea'l are thinking of working on the project this weekend. Please comment when you are free Saturday and Sunday, so that we can align everyones schedules and work on this as best as we can. Let us know how far everyone is and show how far you have come. My number is 864 417 8464. Please reply.
This is Michael. Im free all saturday and sunday. Just set the time and place.

This is Stephen. I'm free all day both days as well. All I will need is a time and place.

Hi everyone, Donnie again. So Stephen, me, Rea'l, and someone else I can't remember at the moment, have said we can work on the project. I want us all in Lab 208 on Saturday and Sunday, probably at 1:30 or 2:00. Let me know if you can or cannot make it.

Works for me, but I would suggest seeing how far we get tomorrow to decide if we'll need Sunday.

This is michael. I can't make it saturday. I'll be there sunday though

Whenever you are available to work on this project, please either come to the Lab, or pull the code and work on it and push it to Github please. We are really crunching down on time folks.
